Docs part #2 (#167)
greenbone/gvm-tools: docs/tools.rst

at the server side.

All tools take several arguments and parameters. :program:`gvm-tools` allows
setting defaults for most of these in a configuration file. See :doc:`config`
for details about the possible settings and capabilities.

.. _gvm_cli:

gvm-cli
-------

:program:`gvm-cli` is a low level tool which offers sending and receiving of
commands and responses for the XML-based :term:`GMP (Greenbone Management
Protocol) <GMP>` and :term:`OSP (Open Scanner Protocol) <OSP>` directly via the

> command line. It's intended for :ref:`simple scripting <xml_scripting>` via

Reviewer: ```suggestion
command line. It is intended for :ref:`simple scripting <xml_scripting>` via
```

    --timeout TIMEOUT     Response timeout in seconds, or -1 to wait
                          indefinitely (default: 60)
    --gmp-username GMP_USERNAME
                          Username for GMP service (default: '')
    --gmp-password GMP_PASSWORD
                          Password for GMP service (default: '')
    -V, --version         Show version information and exit
    --protocol {GMP,OSP}  Service protocol to use (default: GMP)

  connections:
    valid connection types

    CONNECTION_TYPE       Connection type to use
      ssh                 Use SSH to connect to service
      tls                 Use TLS secured connection to connect to service
      socket              Use UNIX Domain socket to connect to service

Example:

.. code-block:: python

  > gvm-pyshell socket
  GVM Interactive Console 2.0.0 API 1.0.0. Type "help" to get information about functionality.
  >>> gmp.get_protocol_version()
  '7'
  >>> gmp.get_version().get('status')
  '200'
  >>> gmp.get_version()[0].text
  '7.0'
  >>> [t.find('name').text for t in tasks.xpath('task')]
  ['Scan Task', 'Simple Scan', 'Host Discovery']

.. _gvm_script:

gvm-script
----------

.. versionadded:: 2.0

> The :program:`gvm-script` allows for running :ref:`gvm scripts <gvm_scripting>`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The :program:`gvm-script` allows running :ref:`gvm scripts <gvm_scripting>`
```
